#An exposition of the divine standard of prayer, styl'd the Lord's Prayer of the preface, conclnsion [sic], and of every petition of it, as of the prayer of the kingdom of Messiah, the Lord Jesus Christ / by T. Beverley.#

##Beverley, Thomas.##
An exposition of the divine standard of prayer, styl'd the Lord's Prayer of the preface, conclnsion [sic], and of every petition of it, as of the prayer of the kingdom of Messiah, the Lord Jesus Christ / by T. Beverley.
Beverley, Thomas.

##General Summary##

**Links**

[TCP catalogue](http://www.ota.ox.ac.uk/tcp/)  • 
[HTML](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-HTML/free/A27/A27600.html)  • 
[EPUB](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-EPUB/free/A27/A27600.epub) • 
[Page images (Historical Texts)](https://historicaltexts.jisc.ac.uk/eebo-16207856e)

**Availability**

To the extent possible under law, the Text Creation Partnership has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this keyboarded and encoded edition of the work described above, according to the terms of the CC0 1.0 Public Domain Dedication (http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/). This waiver does not extend to any page images or other supplementary files associated with this work, which may be protected by copyright or other license restrictions. Please go to https://www.textcreationpartnership.org/ for more information about the project.

**Major revisions**

1. __2012-11__ __TCP__ *Assigned for keying and markup*
1. __2012-11__ __Apex CoVantage__ *Keyed and coded from ProQuest page images*
1. __2013-04__ __Geremy Carnes__ *Sampled and proofread*
1. __2013-04__ __Geremy Carnes__ *Text and markup reviewed and edited*
1. __2014-03__ __pfs__ *Batch review (QC) and XML conversion*

##Content Summary##

#####Front#####
 AN EXPOSITION OF THE Divine Standard of Prayer, STYL'D THE Lord's Prayer.Of the Preface, Concluſion
1. The PREFACE to the Expoſition upon the Prayer, Jeſus Christ hath Taught us in the Goſpel, as the Prayer of the Kingdom.

1. The DEDICATION To the Archbiſhop of CANTERBURY.

#####Body#####

1. AN EXPOSITION Of the PRAYER we Generally Stile, The Lord's Prayer. According to the Evangeliſts, Matthew, and Luke, Mat. 6. 9. Luke 11. 1. SHEWING, That according to its True Elevation, It is the Prayer of the Kingdom, viz. of the Thouſand Years Kingdom of Christ, in the New Heaven, or Jeruſalem above; and in the New Earth, or Jeruſalem below.
1. As it was given upon the ſo ſolemn Deſire of the Diſciples to be Taught to pray; and our Lord givObject.  To all, that I have ſaid upon the Prayer, as in the Evangeliſt Luke, it may be ojected: wheArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Object.  But it may be ſtill ſaid, the Lords putting His Prayer ſo much into a Form, argues, He inteArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Arg. 1 Becauſe the Apoſtle ſtiles the Time of the Delivery up of the Kingdom, moſt Signally and EminArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I Come therefore to the Prefatory Addreſs, which conſiſts of Two things; The Compellation uſed to GoArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I Come therefore to the Firſt Petition, and to Obſerve how agreeable it is to the Elevation of the PArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I come now to the Second Petition, Thy Kingdom come. And whether it be taken in the ſtrict Senſe of Argum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life;  I come therefore to the Third Petition, Thy Will be done, as in Heaven, and upon Earth; For ſo are Argum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I go forward now to the Fourth Petition. Give us this day, our daily Bread. And it may ſeem, This PeArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life;  I proceed now to the Fifth Petition, Forgive us our Trespaſſes, as we forgive Them, that trespaſs aArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Let us now move on to the Sixth Petition; Lead us not into Temptation: And here again I Premiſe, I DArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; And this I look upon to be the Expoſition of this Great Petition, at its higheſt Elevation. And ſo lArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Object.  If any ſhould ſay, why is it then together with the Doxology wholy Omitted in the Goſpel ofArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; 2. The ſecond Circumſtance of this Prayer, as it is given in the Evangeliſt Luke, is the ConſideratiObject.  To all, that I have ſaid upon the Prayer, as in the Evangeliſt Luke, it may be ojected: wheArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Object.  But it may be ſtill ſaid, the Lords putting His Prayer ſo much into a Form, argues, He inteArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Arg. 1 Becauſe the Apoſtle ſtiles the Time of the Delivery up of the Kingdom, moſt Signally and EminArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I Come therefore to the Prefatory Addreſs, which conſiſts of Two things; The Compellation uſed to GoArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I Come therefore to the Firſt Petition, and to Obſerve how agreeable it is to the Elevation of the PArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I come now to the Second Petition, Thy Kingdom come. And whether it be taken in the ſtrict Senſe of Argum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life;  I come therefore to the Third Petition, Thy Will be done, as in Heaven, and upon Earth; For ſo are Argum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I go forward now to the Fourth Petition. Give us this day, our daily Bread. And it may ſeem, This PeArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life;  I proceed now to the Fifth Petition, Forgive us our Trespaſſes, as we forgive Them, that trespaſs aArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Let us now move on to the Sixth Petition; Lead us not into Temptation: And here again I Premiſe, I DArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; And this I look upon to be the Expoſition of this Great Petition, at its higheſt Elevation. And ſo lArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Object.  If any ſhould ſay, why is it then together with the Doxology wholy Omitted in the Goſpel ofArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Argum. 1 The firſt Argument I draw from the expreſs and plain Words of the Prayer; Thy Will be done Object.  To all, that I have ſaid upon the Prayer, as in the Evangeliſt Luke, it may be ojected: wheArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Object.  But it may be ſtill ſaid, the Lords putting His Prayer ſo much into a Form, argues, He inteArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Arg. 1 Becauſe the Apoſtle ſtiles the Time of the Delivery up of the Kingdom, moſt Signally and EminArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I Come therefore to the Prefatory Addreſs, which conſiſts of Two things; The Compellation uſed to GoArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I Come therefore to the Firſt Petition, and to Obſerve how agreeable it is to the Elevation of the PArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I come now to the Second Petition, Thy Kingdom come. And whether it be taken in the ſtrict Senſe of Argum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life;  I come therefore to the Third Petition, Thy Will be done, as in Heaven, and upon Earth; For ſo are Argum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I go forward now to the Fourth Petition. Give us this day, our daily Bread. And it may ſeem, This PeArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life;  I proceed now to the Fifth Petition, Forgive us our Trespaſſes, as we forgive Them, that trespaſs aArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Let us now move on to the Sixth Petition; Lead us not into Temptation: And here again I Premiſe, I DArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; And this I look upon to be the Expoſition of this Great Petition, at its higheſt Elevation. And ſo lArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Object.  If any ſhould ſay, why is it then together with the Doxology wholy Omitted in the Goſpel ofArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Object.  But againſt all this Diſcourſe, this mighty Objection may be Levyed; How can this Prayer beObject.  To all, that I have ſaid upon the Prayer, as in the Evangeliſt Luke, it may be ojected: wheArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Object.  But it may be ſtill ſaid, the Lords putting His Prayer ſo much into a Form, argues, He inteArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Arg. 1 Becauſe the Apoſtle ſtiles the Time of the Delivery up of the Kingdom, moſt Signally and EminArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I Come therefore to the Prefatory Addreſs, which conſiſts of Two things; The Compellation uſed to GoArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I Come therefore to the Firſt Petition, and to Obſerve how agreeable it is to the Elevation of the PArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I come now to the Second Petition, Thy Kingdom come. And whether it be taken in the ſtrict Senſe of Argum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life;  I come therefore to the Third Petition, Thy Will be done, as in Heaven, and upon Earth; For ſo are Argum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I go forward now to the Fourth Petition. Give us this day, our daily Bread. And it may ſeem, This PeArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life;  I proceed now to the Fifth Petition, Forgive us our Trespaſſes, as we forgive Them, that trespaſs aArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Let us now move on to the Sixth Petition; Lead us not into Temptation: And here again I Premiſe, I DArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; And this I look upon to be the Expoſition of this Great Petition, at its higheſt Elevation. And ſo lArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Object.  If any ſhould ſay, why is it then together with the Doxology wholy Omitted in the Goſpel ofArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Object.  To all that hath been ſaid of this Prayer, That it is the Prayer of the Kingdom, and that tObject.  To all, that I have ſaid upon the Prayer, as in the Evangeliſt Luke, it may be ojected: wheArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Object.  But it may be ſtill ſaid, the Lords putting His Prayer ſo much into a Form, argues, He inteArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Arg. 1 Becauſe the Apoſtle ſtiles the Time of the Delivery up of the Kingdom, moſt Signally and EminArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I Come therefore to the Prefatory Addreſs, which conſiſts of Two things; The Compellation uſed to GoArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I Come therefore to the Firſt Petition, and to Obſerve how agreeable it is to the Elevation of the PArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I come now to the Second Petition, Thy Kingdom come. And whether it be taken in the ſtrict Senſe of Argum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life;  I come therefore to the Third Petition, Thy Will be done, as in Heaven, and upon Earth; For ſo are Argum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I go forward now to the Fourth Petition. Give us this day, our daily Bread. And it may ſeem, This PeArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life;  I proceed now to the Fifth Petition, Forgive us our Trespaſſes, as we forgive Them, that trespaſs aArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Let us now move on to the Sixth Petition; Lead us not into Temptation: And here again I Premiſe, I DArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; And this I look upon to be the Expoſition of this Great Petition, at its higheſt Elevation. And ſo lArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Object.  If any ſhould ſay, why is it then together with the Doxology wholy Omitted in the Goſpel ofArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I have now ſo far, as I can underſtand, ſetled the Principal deſign, and find the true Elevation of Object.  To all, that I have ſaid upon the Prayer, as in the Evangeliſt Luke, it may be ojected: wheArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Object.  But it may be ſtill ſaid, the Lords putting His Prayer ſo much into a Form, argues, He inteArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Arg. 1 Becauſe the Apoſtle ſtiles the Time of the Delivery up of the Kingdom, moſt Signally and EminArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I Come therefore to the Prefatory Addreſs, which conſiſts of Two things; The Compellation uſed to GoArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I Come therefore to the Firſt Petition, and to Obſerve how agreeable it is to the Elevation of the PArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I come now to the Second Petition, Thy Kingdom come. And whether it be taken in the ſtrict Senſe of Argum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life;  I come therefore to the Third Petition, Thy Will be done, as in Heaven, and upon Earth; For ſo are Argum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I go forward now to the Fourth Petition. Give us this day, our daily Bread. And it may ſeem, This PeArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life;  I proceed now to the Fifth Petition, Forgive us our Trespaſſes, as we forgive Them, that trespaſs aArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Let us now move on to the Sixth Petition; Lead us not into Temptation: And here again I Premiſe, I DArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; And this I look upon to be the Expoſition of this Great Petition, at its higheſt Elevation. And ſo lArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Object.  If any ſhould ſay, why is it then together with the Doxology wholy Omitted in the Goſpel ofArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life;  There now remains only the Conſideration of our Lord's Manner of Summing up of this Prayer, which iObject.  To all, that I have ſaid upon the Prayer, as in the Evangeliſt Luke, it may be ojected: wheArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Object.  But it may be ſtill ſaid, the Lords putting His Prayer ſo much into a Form, argues, He inteArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Arg. 1 Becauſe the Apoſtle ſtiles the Time of the Delivery up of the Kingdom, moſt Signally and EminArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I Come therefore to the Prefatory Addreſs, which conſiſts of Two things; The Compellation uſed to GoArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I Come therefore to the Firſt Petition, and to Obſerve how agreeable it is to the Elevation of the PArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I come now to the Second Petition, Thy Kingdom come. And whether it be taken in the ſtrict Senſe of Argum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life;  I come therefore to the Third Petition, Thy Will be done, as in Heaven, and upon Earth; For ſo are Argum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I go forward now to the Fourth Petition. Give us this day, our daily Bread. And it may ſeem, This PeArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life;  I proceed now to the Fifth Petition, Forgive us our Trespaſſes, as we forgive Them, that trespaſs aArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Let us now move on to the Sixth Petition; Lead us not into Temptation: And here again I Premiſe, I DArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; And this I look upon to be the Expoſition of this Great Petition, at its higheſt Elevation. And ſo lArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Object.  If any ſhould ſay, why is it then together with the Doxology wholy Omitted in the Goſpel ofArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Let us now make a Review upon the whole Prayer, and behold the Order of it, as It is the Prayer of tObject.  To all, that I have ſaid upon the Prayer, as in the Evangeliſt Luke, it may be ojected: wheArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Object.  But it may be ſtill ſaid, the Lords putting His Prayer ſo much into a Form, argues, He inteArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Arg. 1 Becauſe the Apoſtle ſtiles the Time of the Delivery up of the Kingdom, moſt Signally and EminArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I Come therefore to the Prefatory Addreſs, which conſiſts of Two things; The Compellation uſed to GoArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I Come therefore to the Firſt Petition, and to Obſerve how agreeable it is to the Elevation of the PArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I come now to the Second Petition, Thy Kingdom come. And whether it be taken in the ſtrict Senſe of Argum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life;  I come therefore to the Third Petition, Thy Will be done, as in Heaven, and upon Earth; For ſo are Argum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I go forward now to the Fourth Petition. Give us this day, our daily Bread. And it may ſeem, This PeArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life;  I proceed now to the Fifth Petition, Forgive us our Trespaſſes, as we forgive Them, that trespaſs aArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Let us now move on to the Sixth Petition; Lead us not into Temptation: And here again I Premiſe, I DArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; And this I look upon to be the Expoſition of this Great Petition, at its higheſt Elevation. And ſo lArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Object.  If any ſhould ſay, why is it then together with the Doxology wholy Omitted in the Goſpel ofArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life;  Let now ſome brief Inferential Reflections conclude the whole.Infer. 1 How profound, and hidden is Object.  To all, that I have ſaid upon the Prayer, as in the Evangeliſt Luke, it may be ojected: wheArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Object.  But it may be ſtill ſaid, the Lords putting His Prayer ſo much into a Form, argues, He inteArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Arg. 1 Becauſe the Apoſtle ſtiles the Time of the Delivery up of the Kingdom, moſt Signally and EminArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I Come therefore to the Prefatory Addreſs, which conſiſts of Two things; The Compellation uſed to GoArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I Come therefore to the Firſt Petition, and to Obſerve how agreeable it is to the Elevation of the PArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I come now to the Second Petition, Thy Kingdom come. And whether it be taken in the ſtrict Senſe of Argum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life;  I come therefore to the Third Petition, Thy Will be done, as in Heaven, and upon Earth; For ſo are Argum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; I go forward now to the Fourth Petition. Give us this day, our daily Bread. And it may ſeem, This PeArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life;  I proceed now to the Fifth Petition, Forgive us our Trespaſſes, as we forgive Them, that trespaſs aArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Let us now move on to the Sixth Petition; Lead us not into Temptation: And here again I Premiſe, I DArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; And this I look upon to be the Expoſition of this Great Petition, at its higheſt Elevation. And ſo lArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; Object.  If any ſhould ſay, why is it then together with the Doxology wholy Omitted in the Goſpel ofArgum. 1Our Lord, Entertains a Large, and Great Diſcourſe Concerning Himſelf, as the Bread of Life; 
**Types of content**

  * Oh, Mr. Jourdain, there is **prose** in there!

There are 30 **omitted** fragments! 
 @__reason__ (30) : illegible (21), foreign (9)  •  @__resp__ (21) : #MURP (21)  •  @__extent__ (21) : 1 letter (21)

**Character listing**


|Text|string(s)|codepoint(s)|
|---|---|---|
|Latin-1 Supplement|è|232|
|Latin Extended-A|ſ|383|
|Latin Extended-B|Ʋ|434|
|General Punctuation|•|8226|
|Geometric Shapes|▪|9642|
|CJKSymbolsandPunctuation|〈〉|12296 12297|

##Tag Usage Summary##

###Header Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__author__|2||
|2.|__availability__|1||
|3.|__biblFull__|1||
|4.|__change__|5||
|5.|__date__|8| @__when__ (1) : 2014-11 (1)|
|6.|__edition__|1||
|7.|__editionStmt__|1||
|8.|__editorialDecl__|1||
|9.|__encodingDesc__|1||
|10.|__extent__|2||
|11.|__fileDesc__|1||
|12.|__idno__|6| @__type__ (6) : DLPS (1), STC (2), EEBO-CITATION (1), OCLC (1), VID (1)|
|13.|__keywords__|1| @__scheme__ (1) : http://authorities.loc.gov/ (1)|
|14.|__label__|5||
|15.|__langUsage__|1||
|16.|__language__|1| @__ident__ (1) : eng (1)|
|17.|__listPrefixDef__|1||
|18.|__note__|4||
|19.|__notesStmt__|2||
|20.|__p__|11||
|21.|__prefixDef__|2| @__ident__ (2) : tcp (1), char (1)  •  @__matchPattern__ (2) : ([0-9\-]+):([0-9IVX]+) (1), (.+) (1)  •  @__replacementPattern__ (2) : http://eebo.chadwyck.com/downloadtiff?vid=$1&page=$2 (1), https://raw.githubusercontent.com/textcreationpartnership/Texts/master/tcpchars.xml#$1 (1)|
|22.|__profileDesc__|1||
|23.|__projectDesc__|1||
|24.|__pubPlace__|2||
|25.|__publicationStmt__|2||
|26.|__publisher__|2||
|27.|__ref__|1| @__target__ (1) : http://www.textcreationpartnership.org/docs/. (1)|
|28.|__revisionDesc__|1||
|29.|__seriesStmt__|1||
|30.|__sourceDesc__|1||
|31.|__term__|1||
|32.|__textClass__|1||
|33.|__title__|3||
|34.|__titleStmt__|2||


###Text Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__bibl__|1||
|2.|__body__|1||
|3.|__closer__|1||
|4.|__desc__|30||
|5.|__div__|26| @__type__ (26) : title_page (1), preface (1), dedication (1), text (1), circumstance (2), objection_and_answer (3), arguments (3), objection_and_answers (2), commentary (2), prefatory_address (1), petition (7), review (1), inferences (1)  •  @__n__ (8) : 1 (2), 2 (2), 3 (1), 4 (1), 5 (1), 6 (1)|
|6.|__front__|1||
|7.|__g__|605| @__ref__ (605) : char:EOLhyphen (565), char:V (24), char:punc (16)|
|8.|__gap__|30| @__reason__ (30) : illegible (21), foreign (9)  •  @__resp__ (21) : #MURP (21)  •  @__extent__ (21) : 1 letter (21)|
|9.|__head__|3||
|10.|__hi__|4111||
|11.|__item__|5||
|12.|__label__|40| @__type__ (40) : milestone (40)|
|13.|__list__|2||
|14.|__note__|8| @__place__ (8) : margin (8)  •  @__n__ (1) : * (1)|
|15.|__p__|283| @__n__ (62) : 1 (22), 2 (22), 3 (14), 4 (4)|
|16.|__pb__|79| @__facs__ (79) : tcp:105089:1 (2), tcp:105089:2 (2), tcp:105089:3 (2), tcp:105089:4 (2), tcp:105089:5 (2), tcp:105089:6 (2), tcp:105089:7 (2), tcp:105089:8 (2), tcp:105089:9 (2), tcp:105089:10 (2), tcp:105089:11 (2), tcp:105089:12 (2), tcp:105089:13 (2), tcp:105089:14 (2), tcp:105089:15 (2), tcp:105089:16 (2), tcp:105089:17 (2), tcp:105089:18 (2), tcp:105089:19 (2), tcp:105089:20 (2), tcp:105089:21 (2), tcp:105089:22 (2), tcp:105089:23 (2), tcp:105089:24 (2), tcp:105089:25 (2), tcp:105089:26 (2), tcp:105089:27 (2), tcp:105089:28 (2), tcp:105089:29 (2), tcp:105089:30 (2), tcp:105089:31 (2), tcp:105089:32 (2), tcp:105089:33 (2), tcp:105089:34 (2), tcp:105089:35 (2), tcp:105089:36 (2), tcp:105089:37 (2), tcp:105089:38 (2), tcp:105089:39 (2), tcp:105089:40 (1)  •  @__rendition__ (3) : simple:additions (3)  •  @__n__ (68) : 1 (1), 2 (1), 3 (1), 4 (1), 5 (1), 6 (1), 7 (1), 8 (1), 9 (1), 10 (1), 11 (1), 12 (1), 13 (1), 14 (1), 15 (1), 16 (1), 17 (1), 18 (1), 19 (1), 20 (1), 21 (1), 22 (1), 23 (1), 24 (1), 25 (1), 26 (1), 27 (1), 28 (1), 29 (1), 30 (1), 31 (1), 32 (1), 33 (1), 34 (1), 35 (1), 36 (1), 37 (1), 38 (1), 39 (1), 40 (1), 41 (1), 42 (1), 43 (1), 44 (1), 45 (1), 46 (1), 47 (1), 48 (1), 49 (1), 50 (1), 51 (1), 52 (1), 53 (1), 54 (1), 55 (1), 56 (1), 57 (1), 58 (1), 59 (1), 60 (1), 61 (1), 62 (1), 63 (1), 64 (1), 65 (1), 66 (1), 67 (1), 68 (1)|
|17.|__q__|1||
|18.|__seg__|40| @__type__ (40) : milestoneunit (40)|
|19.|__signed__|1||
|20.|__trailer__|1||
